0
] Read this passage? > Yes(YES) | No(NO)
: NO
@ 0.4
: YES
-

1
"The Concordat of 1952"
-

2
In May of 1952,
ambassadors of the underworld came to the mortal realm.
These demonic representatives brought with them a deal.
The sinful souls of their world had not received sufficient punishment.
Or so they and their overseer said.
So they proposed to the mortal humans a simple contract.
The humans would summon demons from the underworld to assist them.
It was a suitable form of punishment for the dwellers of their realm.
In return,
they would grant the humans the magical powers of the underworld.
They would give them the power to practice witchcraft.
And, the demons hoped, they would pass the knowledge on.
To their friends, their offspring, and anyone else interested.
They hoped to keep the practice alive indefinitely.
The humans accepted the deal, and a contract was formed.
They have since earned the hatred of the demons they summon.
And they have earned the hatred of the humans who would turn down the deal.
-

3
"The First Familiar"
-

4
It is uncertain who created the first familiar, or the spell to do so.
Sources say he was a witch who summoned demons frequently.
He was said to be unusually friendly to the demons he summoned.
Of course, the demons all hated him virulently, and none returned the favor.
It is thought that he wanted to create a demon as kind as himself.
He devised an unusual procedure to accomplish his goal.
He would combine a piece of his own soul with darkness from the underworld.
In doing so, he hoped to create a demon that was more human than ghoul.
Regardless of whether he succeeded, his spell for doing so was left behind.
It has since been adopted by witches worldwide.
It appeals to those who wish for a more permanent companion.
Or to those who dislike summoning true demons.
Familiars of all shapes and stripes have since gained a place as people.
They fall under all the same protections that witches have been given.
However, their mere existence disrupts the contract given to the witches.
Dwellers of the underworld are thus said to highly disapprove of them.
-